Update README.md (#688)
CROSSINGTUD/CryptoAnalysis: README.md

libaries (e.g., the [JCA](https://docs.oracle.com/en/java/javase/14/security/java-cryptography-architecture-jca-reference-guide.html) in particular). More information on CrySL and the static analysis may be found in [this paper](http://drops.dagstuhl.de/opus/volltexte/2018/9215/).

## Structure
We provide the implementation of the static analysis of CogniCrypt in:
* `CryptoAnalysis` contains the components for the actual analysis

> * `CryptoAnalysis-Targets` contains various example applications that are also used to test the correctness of CryptoAnalyis

Author: ```suggestion
* `CryptoAnalysisTargets` contains various example applications that are also used to test the correctness of CryptoAnalyis
```
